I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Mummy Pig's Birthday!
Today is Mummy Pig's birthday.
Daddy Pig has made Mummy Pig
breakfast in bed.
Happy birthday, Mummy Pig!
Peppa and George have made Mummy Pig
a birthday card.
Happy Birthday, Mummy!
Ooh! What a Iovely birthday surprise!
And there are more surprises to come!
Enjoy your birthday breakfast!
Take your time.
Mmm! Yummy!
Quick! We have to get
everything else ready!
Daddy Pig has made a birthday cake
for Mummy Pig.
We've just got to put
the candles on!
One.. Two
Here I come!
Mummy Pig has finished her
birthday breakfast.
Mummy's coming!
Oh, no. We're not ready yet.
Err. Who is it?
It's Mummy. Can I come in?
No! No!
ls there something secret going on?
Er, no, nothing's going on.
But you can't come in.
I see.
Mummy Pig, Why don't you
relax in the sitting room?
That sounds nice.
Well, it is your birthday!
Ok, Peppa, I think I know
Where the sitting room is!
Here's a nice magazine.
Thank you, Peppa.
And here's some pretty music.
We need the same number of candles
as Mummy's age.
One... two... three...
Oh, dear. We haven't got
nearly enough candles.
Daddy? How old is Mummy?
I'll Whisper it in your ear.
Wow! Really old!
You know, I think
three candles Will be fine.
Mummy Pig's birthday cake is ready!
Hurray!
We just have to put up the decorations
in the sitting room.
Hello, Mummy!
Ah, there you all are!
I Was getting a little bored.
Mummy? Would you like to
have a nice Walk in the garden?
Do I have any choice?
Nope!
Bye bye, Mummy! Have a Iovely Walk!
We'll call you
When it's safe to come back in.
I'd forgotten What hard Work
birthdays Were!
Daddy Pig, Peppa and George
are decorating the sitting room.
This is fun!
Granny and Grandpa Pig have
arrived for Mummy Pig's birthday.
Happy Birthday, Mummy Pig!
Aren't you coming inside?
Oh, I can't come in yet. Daddy Pig,
Peppa and George are doing secret
things for my birthday.
How Iovely! See you later!
Bye!
Mummy!
Would you like to come inside now?
I'd love to.
Close your eyes!
Keep your eyes closed, Mummy!
One... two... three...
Open your eyes!
Happy Birthday, Mummy Pig!
What a Iovely surprise!
Blow the candles out
and make a Wish!
Mummy, Mummy, open your present!
Can you guess What it is?
I've no idea!
Open it and see.
It's a beautiful dress!
You're beautiful, Mummy!
Now you just need somewhere
nice to Wear it.
What's this?
Two tickets to the theater! Tonight!
Thank you!
Mummy Pig loves going to the theater.
And Granny Pig and I are
going to baby-sit the little ones.
Hurray!
What a super birthday!
I'm the luckiest Mummy
in the Whole World!
And the most beautiful!